Stop Chenchen
What's there to care about me like this?
Let him go
Don't dirty our land
You go
Madam is not well
Your necklace is missing.
What was I last month?
The necklace worth 200 million just auctioned back.
Yes, ma'am.
Tell me if you stole it
It's me, why do you say it's me?
Only a poor man like you who has nothing
To steal
You are the only outsider who came to my house today.
Who is it again? You have no evidence, why slander me?
evidence
I still need evidence
Do you poor people still need evidence to steal?
Do poor people have to steal?
Xu Li, let me tell you that I am not poor
I didn't steal it.
I say it or not
It's me.
You you
Retribution will be retribution
I'd like to see it
What retribution can I have?
Someone search for his clothes for me
I can't believe I can't find my necklace